Ring, ring, who the fuck is that? It's a 9-1-0 number, so you know where niggas at (Ha) Okay, o-o-okay O- hm, okay, o-o-okay, o- Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck? Okay) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck? O-o-okay) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck?) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck? Who) Out the way (Okay), it's a real nigga comin' through (Who, o-) Out the way (Okay), it's a real nigga comin' through What it is, ho? What it is, ho? What it is, ho? What it is, ho? What it is, ho? What it is, ho? What it is, ho? What it is, ho? Come view the style of the unibrowed Unabomber Who maneuvered through the drama with a suit of armor Movin' calmer than the Buddha, duckin' funeral parlors First the hootin', hollerin', and then the shootin' start up Queue the saga, the root of all the Evil ain't the paper with the eagle, but what people would do for dollars Let off a troop of hollows from German Rugers, they used to do the honors Congruent with shit that I do to rhymers On Deuteronomy, ain't shit niggas can do but honor me What I'm quotin' is God-sculpted, come view the pottery I blaze by graveyards and destitute economies Full of thug bones for refusin' to move in harmony Drug traffickin', slugs blastin', we move accordingly And run faster than blood travels through human arteries We know exactly what it means when niggas show 9s, .22s, .45s We studyin' numerology, nigga What it is, ho? What it is, ho? What it is, ho? What it is, ho? What it is, ho? What it is, ho? What it is, ho? Bitch Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck?) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck?) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck?) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck?) Out the way, it's a real nigga comin' through (Fuck out my face) Out the way, it's a real nigga comin' through (Fuck out my face; what it is, ho?) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck? What it is, ho?) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck? What it is, ho?) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck? What it is, ho?) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck? What it is, ho?) Out the way, it's a real nigga comin' through (Fuck out my face) Out the way, it's a real nigga Every bar is a part of the murder wrath Call PETA, them people choppin' a bird in half Breakin' further down to whatever's gon' earn the math Exchange pounds for dollars and never converted cash Welcome to the South where they servin' the dirt and grass The streets ain't safe, I prefer the deserted path Was walkin' with my Walkman one day when I heard a blast Loud enough to shatter the earth into thirds, I gasped Hauled ass and my legs got to turnin' fast Straight past the victim, he hobblin', hurtin' bad Heard way back he slick, tried to take half a brick They say payback's a bitch and I guess he incurred a tab While they was masterin' scales like they learnin' jazz I was makin' sure they refer to my first and last Name, Jermaine Cole, with Hall of Fame flows From Cain Road with 'caine sold on the dang low Do anything for bankroll that you can't fold But ridin' through the block is detectives in plain clothes Which likely means soon you'll be singin' familiar tunes In interrogation rooms gettin' questioned by Zane Lowe Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck?) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck?) Who the f-, who the f-, who the f- Who the fuck? Yeah, you know who put the city on (They know it) Came back through, rose-gold AP to show I'm really on (I show it, nigga) Get rich or die tryin', I had fifty on (Cha-ching) Bitches ringin' in my phone like, "Is you really home?" (Hello? Brr, brr, brr) I'll stay out the way since I done seen a million (A milli') Five percent tints and plus I got this hoodie on I had to humble up, stop movin' with that jewelry on (No flex) You hear that baritone, this shit get deep as Giveon I'm a sidewalk nigga, I'ma stay there I'll leave the streets for the ones that wanna play there I done leveled up so shawty want a date, yeah Left my kids in her mouth like a daycare I'm the Carolina 9-1-0 Shakespeare All that cap you let them niggas rap is over with The real is back, you feel a way, you gotta cope with it The 'Ville put a nigga six feet like back when COVID hit, okay These niggas ain't talkin' 'bout shit (They ain't talkin' 'bout nothin') No diamonds on my neck, no Rollie on my wrist (I ain't got no diamonds on, uh-uh) Two-six, I done lurked a little bit (Okay) I learned the hardest nigga, he can always get hit (Well, damn) Out the jungle, I done fucked around and got rich (Well, damn) Zero dollars in my pocket, bitch, I'm not a lick (Not a what?) I'd rather that than gotta walk around with sticks 'Cause I learned the hardest nigga, he can always get- (Hit) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck?) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck?) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck?) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck?) Out the way, it's a real nigga comin' through (Fuck out my face) Out the way, it's a 'Ville nigga comin' through (Fuck out my face) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck?) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck?) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck?) Who the fuck is you? (Who the fuck?) Out the way, it's a real nigga comin' through (Fuck out my face) Out the way, it's a 'Ville nigga- Are these lyrics accurate? Thanks, noted! ## Keep exploring !(/album_covers/26/j-cole-the-fall-off/j-cole-3198746-the-fall-off_thumb.jpg) !(/album_covers/26/j-cole-the-fall-off/j-cole-3198746-the-fall-off_thumb.jpg) (/j-cole-lyrics/songs/)