# Run a Train Ooh Ooh Fuck do you know 'bout my passion? Fuck do you know 'bout my pain? Fuck do you know 'bout my struggle? Fuck do you know 'bout Jermaine? They say the Lord's timin' is divine And I walk with Him, so that explains mine Cole, deep down you may find All that pain creates a strange bond Slums connected like the drums in a bass line Petrified of death and poverty I chase mine Like breathalyzer tests, I'm tryna walk a straight line Meditatin' for a better state in my deranged mind 'Til I saw the Buddha pose and realized he throwin' gang signs I guess the lesson is you can't escape crime Even when the strays flyin' I remain calm Fayettenam, you my heart but at the same time If I'm bein' honest I can feel that flame dyin', uh Uh, so I'm ridin' through the city streets reachin' for a memory to hang on Goin' backwards like a penalty to see a younger me, but that day's gone Wild times lookin' up at cloud nine, how high can Jermaine climb? Remember when they ain't respond when you holla Funny how a few dollars can change minds Fuck do you know 'bout my passion? (Ta-ra-ra-ra-ra) Fuck do you know 'bout my pain? Fuck do you know 'bout my struggle? (Ra-ra-ra-ra-ra) Fuck do you know 'bout Jermaine? Ten toes is down on the pavement (ra-ra-ra-ra-ra) Umbrellas don't stop no rain Niggas they die everyday (ra-ra-ra-ra-ra) Fuck the world, let's run a train Since I was a pipsqueak lean on survival instincts On backstreets, where they tearin' up hearts like them guys in NSYNC Codeine in they soda, dirty poppin' plus how the ends meet When servin' rock on deserted blocks tryna cause a frenzy To profit quickly, I'm passin' by my pockets empty Tryna to make a legal dollar seem harder than guardin' Wemby When you're hardly six feet tall, if somehow I could ball I better work hard on my handles 'cause niggas gon' try to rip me Don't wanna RIP, but if I leave, know God'll lift me I'd rather sit inside a Bentley and be the owner like providin' kidneys I know the love does not extend deep I choose my homies wisely, seen too many die from friends beef Big dreams to change the world back when I ride a ten speed Youthful delusion thinkin' through music I could end grief When too many bodies get piled up in these rival's histories So stoppin' this violence is like bringin' the Gaza Strip peace Uh, so I'm ridin' through the city streets reachin' for a memory to hang on Goin' backwards like a penalty to see a younger me, but that day's gone Wild times lookin' up at cloud nine, how high can Jermaine climb? Remember when they ain't respond when you holla Funny how a few dollars can change minds Fuck do you know 'bout my passion? (Ta-ra-ra-ra-ra) Fuck do you know 'bout my pain? Fuck do you know 'bout my struggle? (Ra-ra-ra-ra-ra) Fuck do you know 'bout Jermaine? Ten toes is down on the pavement (ra-ra-ra-ra-ra) Umbrellas don't s