# SAFETY Save this song for later  Lyrics & Meaning↓
by J. Cole
from The Fall-Off (2026)
Babe, can you go check on her real quick?
Alright, safe- where you're from, Bunce Road, throw your hands up (Babe, can you go check on the baby real quick?) It's that Bragg Boulevard, reportin' live from (Safe-) I know the whole world blowin' up your phone I wanna know, nigga, when you're comin' home? (Yeah, alright, safe-) Kane Road, Eutaw, throw your hands up Bonnie Doone, Lewis Heights, yeah, it's been a while (Alright, safe-) I know the whole world blowin' up your phone I wanna know, nigga, when you're comin' home? (Yeah)
Yo, Jermaine, what's the word? I got a new number, delete that old one By now, I'm sure you must've heard 'Bout how I got jammed up and had to sit some It's nothin', know I did longer bids, this was a quick one I never hit you 'cause I know niggas be playin' victim Beggin' you for big sums of dough when income's low That ain't my style, it'll never be To me, you'll always be my dog, not a celebrity And plus, you did enough, wired me bands way back when it was rough Last night, when it was dusk, ran into Jizzle at Cross Creek You know how he be movin' like he in a rush Told him, "Come through to the crib over at Haymount Hills" We sat in my living room, where then we lit a Dutch I ain't even know that he smoke like that Drank a few beers, it's been years since we joked like that Yo, I seen Brina on the 'Gram, she don't post like that But bo, she's still bad, one of the baddest bitches the 'Ville had Lotta these hoes fallin' off, and it's real sad How time can rob us of our best days As we slave for peasant wage with no nest egg saved for rainy days But anyways, what's up? I thought about you, holla at me I would love to catch up, I know you busy But you in my prayers, God bless you and your affairs Stay aware 'cause real niggas is rare, dog, safety
Safety, safety, safety (Westside, Cliffdale, throw your hands up, Merc Mob, Shaw Road, reportin' live from) I know the whole world blowin' up your phone (Safety, safety) I wanna know, nigga, when you're comin' home? Safety, safety, safety (Northside, Tera Garden, where my dogs from, Hope Mills, Grays Creek, yeah, it's been a while) I know the whole world blowin' up your phone I wanna know, nigga, when you're comin' home? (Uh)
Ayy, bo, what's goin' on? I feel no way when you don't respond, dog I know your heart, and I know our bond I know a lot is on your plate and more is on your mind But still I hit you time to time when you crossin' mine I heard that big Mal died, and no, I couldn't tell you the cause I know fentanyl's been leavin' brothers cross-eyed and things Can't tell what's killin' more niggas, drugs or crossfire When moms cry, it's a shame, as of late, I've seen An uptick in motorcades, but not for the president These processions are for the negligent So I don't care to hang out These younger niggas even quicker than I was to ban