I got something I wanna tell you I got something I wanna tell you Yeah Dust off the old notebook where a younger Jermaine Lamarr wrote hooks To get a glimpse at what his hopes looked like Back in his younger years, and found a page stained with what seems to be a hundred tears As the smeared words spoke of his blunted fears Tellin' him "Persevere through it all Go hard, like Medusa in front of mirrors" To reach the top so unaware that the trouble's there We're nothing more than a worser version of troubles where He sat when he wrote. He's performin' hocus pocus With empty pocket focus over some dope lil' beat he made his self All the pain in his cadence felt And though his heart was made of felt, his exterior hardened To present a demeanor in which this period taught him Was the best for survival; to deflect the most aggressive of rivals A testament to the lessons I follow. Seen the death of bravado The second weapons hit his chest with a hollow Pride is a bitter pill indeed, but it's best if you swallow If not, your homies gon' pay respect with a bottle Poured that out on the flesh of this Mother Earth While liquor slithers like a serpent across the mud and dirt to go rest in a pothole Money coming soon, back then, was obsessed with the motto Me and my dawgs was like the Musketeers Through the years, we stayed connected, to this day we still steppin' legato Subconsciously protecting these niggas, think I'm lesser for my complexion Before I'm done, they all gon' respect the mulatto Yeah I said they all gon' respect the mulatto (Oh, I) I got something I wanna tell you Dreams can come true, you'll get yours too But it won't save (Yeah) I got something I wanna tell you (I got something I wanna tell you) Dreams can come true (Oh-ohh), you'll get yours too But it won't save Me and you Your momma and your cousin, too Rolling through the 'Ville on Vogues Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors Me and you Your momma and your cousin, too Rolling through the 'Ville on Vogues Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors (Coming up, coming up) My darkest truths be hard to say to friends Fuck it. Past the bottle, we're swallowing hopes that can wash away the sins Grew up amongst the lost and wasn't taught a way to win On days, I think of James. My hardened heart breaks again He caught the fade but pussy niggas caught him later. Then Medics performed a CPR and hauled away his limbs It always haunted me inside my thoughts and made 'em grim His father knew my father way back when Army buddies that used to party hard Overseas. But through the alcohol, the weed and plus the hardy-har's, they made him kin Who knew their future kids would have to find a way to swim In the wild, with crocodile and alligator skins? They took a good nigga Smart kid who could hoop, who could fight. Instead, I wish the Lord had taken them If Darwinism states 'only the stronger make it, then Why am I here when I don't feel that I'm as great as him? If Pac is Jesus, then I ride around and play the hymns Life goes on, even in this modern day of algorithm-moderated Streaming-service-automated blends I play the classics often, and I've gotta say there's gems This life is like it's all set up for God to play The Sims Yeah, I got rich, but think I need a smarter way to cleanse If money gives happiness, then please explain the rich bastards with no peace How come they never bought their way to zen? Hmm. How come they never bought their way to zen? If it's-if it's that simple. Yeah (Oh, I) I got something (Yeah) I wanna tell you Dreams can come true, you'll get yours too But it won't save (Yeah) I got something I wanna tell you (I got something I wanna tell you) Dreams can come true (Oh-ohh), you'll get yours too But it won't save Me and you Your momma and your cousin, too Rolling through the 'Ville on Vogues Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors Me and you Your momma and your cousin, too Rolling through the 'Ville on Vogues Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors Are these lyrics accurate? (/suggest-edit?song=j-cole/the-villest-lyrics) Thanks, noted! Written ## Keep exploring (/album_covers/26/j-cole-the-fall-off/j-cole-3198746-the-fall-off_thumb.jpg) Previous track The Fall-Off is Inevitable on The Fall-Off](/j-cole/the-fall-off-is-inevitable-lyrics/) (/album_covers/26/j-cole-the-fall-off/j-cole-3198746-the-fall-off_thumb.jpg) Next track Old Dog on The Fall-Off](/j-cole/old-dog-lyrics/) More J. Cole songs (/j-cole/power-trip-feat-miguel-lyrics/) (/j-cole/middle-child-lyrics/) (/j-cole/power-trip-lyrics/) (/j-cole-lyrics/songs/) (/j-cole-lyrics/songs/)