Will you be around when I'm ready? I'd rather you go and be happy (happy) But I don't wanna leave you alone, no, mm Hm, all of y'all niggas is pussy, you shoot at the opps and run from the cops And I don't get it, I ain't suggesting you fire your weapon at 12, but hell Why in the fuck do we feel that niggas that's lookin' like us who deserve to be killed? Meanwhile, Capitol Hill been makin' it easy for them to go stuff us in cells I ain't no preacher for real, I just like to cut on the mic' and start lettin' it spill And I've been leavin' a trail, you play all my albums and find you a letter revealed This a suicide note, come here, look what I wrote, I'm 'bout to kill myself Fuck J. Cole, I don't even want this role, wanna rebuild myself Tuck my pole under the driver's seat, nigga, don't try to reach I'll bust a hole right in your frontal lobe, that's a lobotomy Two months ago, I was on Bunce Road, nigga done spotted me Said, "What's up, Cole? Nigga, I love you, bo" He said he proud of me, that touched my soul Wasn't too long ago that I was over here at Seventy-First Middle Had my very first little girlfriend, that'll let me get a feel or two Back then it was considerable, enough to void the ridicule But come another year or two "Boy, you better be fuckin' on somethin'" My mama ain't never even give me no rubbers Papa was gone, how to put Trojan on was somethin' I had to discover All on my own, y'all know the song I probably been singin' this shit for too long Pardon me if I've been soundin' like some broken record I come from the brokest of homes (shit) I come from the brokest of homes Will you be around when I'm ready? I'd rather you go and be happy (happy) But I don't wanna leave you alone, no It's seven o'clock on the dot I'm in my drop-top cruisin' the streets that I grew up in I didn't think the same back then Sayin', "Oh, how we changed," my nigga, that's when The pistols go pop, bodies drop They got the block blocked, it's the police, we ain't see nothin' I just roll up my weed and get to puffin' And lay back in my seat, oh yes, I'm numb again Uh-oh, uh-oh (will you be around when I'm ready?) Uh-oh, uh-oh (I'd rather you go and be happy) (happy) Uh-oh, uh-oh (but I don't wanna leave you alone, no) Uh-oh, uh-oh (happy) Uh-oh, uh-oh (will you be around when I'm ready?) Uh-oh, uh-oh (I'd rather you go and be happy) (happy) Uh-oh, uh-oh (but I don't wanna leave you alone, no) Uh-oh (yeah), uh-oh (yeah, hey) Finding you lose when you choose to neglect The roots that we grew to protect us, oh The sun has been blinding lately, mm-mm One day, you find when your light's out You always were a bright star to me Even at times the world didn't say so One in the morning If the walls where you once talked, would they fess up? I'm scared of the tales they will tell us Much better if I ignore Steady, will you be around when I'm ready? I'd rather you go and be happy But I don't wanna leave you alone, no Yeah, I'm steady But love might be gone when you're ready I should move on and be happy But I don't wanna leave you alone, oh Love is a mountain climb for you Throw you a line, I could pull you Scared I wouldn't grasp for long But my holding strong for you How many ways must I profess? Gunshot to your head, die for me Hey-hey, how can I let you go? Have mercy, it's broken I'm handcuffed, I'm roped in I'm handcuffed, I'm roped in I'm handcuffed, I'm roped in Have mercy, it's broken I'm handcuffed, I'm roped in I'm handcuffed, I'm roped in I'm handcuffed, I'm roped in Are these lyrics accurate? Thanks, noted! ## Keep exploring !(/album_covers/26/j-cole-the-fall-off/j-cole-3198746-the-fall-off_thumb.jpg) !(/album_covers/26/j-cole-the-fall-off/j-cole-3198746-the-fall-off_thumb.jpg) (/j-cole-lyrics/songs/)