Step, step Step, step Will I make it home? (Step) Will I make it home? (Step) Only God knows (step) Only God knows (step) Inside of the club on a wall, she was right to the side of me Couldn't tell there was danger around, damn, she blinded me "Please watch your step," I heard from a concerned gentleman He was 'bout my age with a face that displayed he was genuine "Be safe," he said, "Heard niggas who was loud in the hallway By the bathroom door, they was plottin' on you and your compadres" So I sobered up quick with a heightened sense of fear in me What the fuck you doin' in the Ville with no security? Yeah, they'll say they love you, but trust, that don't mean anything Somebody gon' hate you, for what? It could be anything The way that you walk, you talk, the way you rap, you know The way that you put on the Ville, but you barely come back no more My radar is up, I know this is due with a separate load The vibe is negative, I'm telling shawty we got to go And at the same moment, I swear that the lights came on The DJ was yellin' some shit on the microphone, he said "Yeah, you ain't got to go home (you ain't to go back home) But you gotta get the-, but you gotta get the fuck out of here Fuck out of here, fuck out of here, fuck out of here, fuck out of here (but you can't stay, can't stay) When the lights come on (when those lights start turning on) Everybody, get the-, everybody, get the fuck out of here Fuck out of here, fuck out of here, fuck out of here, fuck out of here (you can't stay, can't stay) Oh, will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Oh, will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the- She got the type of thang you can't even find no more They play the type of games I don't be around no more I see some niggas that tyin' bandanas on they face Hop in the trunk, that's where the hammers always lay I'm tryna find a way to get to the parking spot Feel like a mile away, I got to get off the block Shawty done stopped and put her hands around my waist and told me, "I want you," damn Step, step (nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, not right now, right now, no) Yes, it happened to me, my nigga (keep walking, keep walking, keep walking) (Let's go this way, right here) And please believe me when I tell you it can happen to you (niggas on some weird shit) Proceed with caution, thinkin' they stalkin' your moves Pistols be sparkin', leaving your thoughts on your shoes Outside of the club, paranoid with keys in my hand Heard the shots ring out, full survival instincts, we ran Will I make it home? (Will I make it home?) Will I make it home? (Will I make it home?) Only God, only God, only God knows Will I make it home? (Will I make it home?) Will I make it home? (Will I make it home?) Only God knows, only God knows if I'ma ever get back to you Oh, will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Oh, will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? In a hood near you (in a hood near you) There's a late-night gathering of souls in the parking lot Shortly after the club close 'cause niggas don't wanna go home But it won't be long 'fore somebody start wildin' Shots start firin', and good time turn violent At the let-out Oh, will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Oh, will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Will we survive the let-out? Are these lyrics accurate? Thanks, noted! ## Keep exploring !(/album_covers/26/j-cole-the-fall-off/j-cole-3198746-the-fall-off_thumb.jpg) !(/album_covers/26/j-cole-the-fall-off/j-cole-3198746-the-fall-off_thumb.jpg) (/j-cole-lyrics/songs/)